Hi everyone! This the solution to exercise 29. For this exercise
you are asked to write a function that calculates liquid volume taken from these site in here.
So this was the formula and you were also asked to consider that r is always 10.
So let's say all of our spheres have a radius of 10.
So you have to take that into consideration when building your code so that you make it very efficient.
And if you pass 2 then you'd expect this output.
OK, this is the solution I came up with.
I'm importing pi which is a constant. It's somewhere at 3.14.
You could also find that on the Internet and just type down the number in here.
But you don't have to do it if you know how to import pi from here.
And then we have the function down here.
I'm passing two arguments here.
A known non-default argument and a default argument.
So the default argument means when you assign a value to that arguments,
so when you call the function in here, you only pass one value that's will be replaced with the non-default
arguments.
And if you don't pass a value for the default argument 10 will be used.
But if you want you can pass a value for the default argument as well like 5 and then 5 will be used for
r everywhere.
So 5 in power of 3.
And so on. And yeah, that's about the arguments.
And here is the formula.
I think this is self explanatory.
This is a multiplication multiplication.
This is a power.
So exponents and then, yeah
we have the same things here, division.
And so on. And then we return V, and then we print the function output.
So 2 for age and then V will be printed out. That's the output of the function. I hope this is clear.
And I'll talk to you later.
Thanks.